We will now take a look at the
second method for adding data
into an Arcgis Pro project.
We're going to add data using
this catalog pane here on the
right, and we're going to set up
a folder connection. So to do
this, we're going to hover our
mouse over folders, right click
and then click here where it
says Add Folder Connection.
And now we want to find our
materials folder again. So I'm
going into Intro ArcGIS Pro and
then clicking on Materials here
and we don't need to actually go
into the folder, we just need to
click on it and then click OK
And now if we click on the arrow
to the left of where it says
Folders, we can see we have a
connection here to our Materials
folder. So we can click the
arrow next to this folder and
here are all of our data layers.
And now we can drag and drop the
data layers that we want into
our map.
So here we have dropped in the
Biomonitoring_Ziama2019
shapefile
and now we're going to do the
same with the Roads_Tracks
shapefile. So what you want to
do is click and hold, drag it
over and then you can drop it
onto the map or you can drop it
into your contents.
By dropping it into your
contents, you can choose where
amongst the data layers you want
to place it.
And we also want to add in
Ziama_DEM.tif
and Ziama_LandCover_2019.tif.
And now we can see we've added
our five data layers into our
project. We can see them on our
map and also in the contents
pane on the left hand side. And
within this Contents pane, we
can use the toggle boxes next to
the layer names to turn them on
and off. And we can also click
and hold on each data layer and
drag them up and down depending
on where we want them within the
layers. And that is the second
method for adding data into an
Arcgis Pro
project.